What's up, Dao?
I know that I need to have dinner with Gam at home.
I'm not gonna bail on this, okay?
Whom should I invite to join the party?
What? In the end, Tum came back to date that Aongaoey bitch?
That's right. Well, he hasn't been good enough for me anyway.
I think he's a good person that's why he could escape this from you.
I see. Then I think Bank would be a good person too.
He could escape you.
Is this Diao? A new creative staff from your team?
That's right .
I heard people talking that you're hot stuff.
I need to see if he lives up to the hype.
Hold that thought if you don't want to get cursed.
He's even smarter mouth than me.
Even worse than you? He could compete with a barking dog?
But it's good, I like it.
Diao? / Yes?
My name is Manow. I'm an AE from URWISH.
Nice to meet you.
I do!
He's just greeting you, not asking you for marriage.
Stop flirting around. Lunch time is over.
Wait. Can I see Mr. Darling first?
Stop it! You can't mess with my Darling.
Stop flirting and go back to where you came from.
Wait.
If you're sleepy at work, and want some sour snacks.
You can have me. I'm sour like my name.
Okay.
How was it? Sour enough?
If Kanom is here,
don't forget to let her know that I need to see her.
I want to know how was her vacation to Koh Chang with a boyfriend.
Sure. Go back to your desk already.
Go back to your desk! / Ouch.
Go back to your department!
Do you want to have dinner at my place? Dao will be cooking Wagyu steak.
I don't eat beef.
Right. I forgot. Actually, she will be cooking pork steak.
I don't eat pork.
What about dog steak?
Are you gonna cook a dog in your mouth for me?
I'm not available. I already have a date with someone.
You can ditch him and have dinner at my place instead.
It's starting to get weird now.
What's going on? Did Dao invite a girl for you again?
That's right.
I knew it!
Please, have dinner with me.
I don't want to have dinner with that girl alone.
I really wanna help you.
But you know that it is super hard to call a man for a date.
This one is really my type. He can be my future children's father.
You don't even have an ovary.
I was just comparing that this was really important to me.
If you don't know whom to invite, why don't you invite Mr. Darling?
Rak? I don't think so.
If he knows that I invite him to be a third wheel on this date,
he would make fun of me for sure.
There's one more way. You could send a speed boat to pick up Kanom from Koh Chang,
so she could join your date tonight.
Can you come up with something possible?
The most possible plan right now is to invite Mr. Darling.
If you're thinking about your face, then you should seduce him instead.
You're a creative staff. You need to use your brain, not your shoes.
Mr. Rak?
Come on in.
You should say something. Or you don't want to walk home
but would rather have me carried you home instead?
Nope. I have legs. I can get back home by myself.
Are you free this evening?
Why? You're gonna hit on me?
I was just wondering if you're free tonight? How could I hit on you?
It's normally a start of conversation for someone asking me to go out on a date.
Like, are you free this evening? You want to watch a movie?
Are you free this evening? Let's hang out.
Are you free this evening? Let's have dinner.
That's right. Good thing I didn't asked if he was free this evening and let's have dinner.
Or I would look like someone asking him out on a date.
What is it?
Do you want to come to my office just to talk to a holy spirit?
You're such a smart mouth. You're starting to get on my nerve.
I can still hear you.
Move back a little, move.
I was asking if you're free this evening because Dao asked me to invite you over for dinner.
Dao invited me or you invited me?
Dao, of course. Why would I want to invite you?
I don't even want to stand close to you.
Thanks Dao for me but I still have leftovers from last night.
Okay?
You can save it for later. Let's have dinner with Dao this evening.
And you said you don't want to get close to me. You're such a hypocrite.
See? You're holding my arm so tight.
Stop making joke.
Dao invited you for dinner. You should have some manners.
00:07:37,000 --> 00:07:40 ,000
See you at home, don't ditch on us.
There must be something going on. He forces me to go.
Where the hell is he?
Hello.
Hello
Diao, Hello. I'm Gam.
I've been waiting for Dao to invite me over for a month, like I'm waiting for a monthly paycheck.
She opened the gate without permission from house owner
She didn't even wear house slippers
And she called me out the minute she got here. She can't be a mother of my children for sure.
Excuse me.
Hey, you didn't say anything but just stared at her like this, were you just evaluating her?
I told you not to do that. Mom and I did that already.
Diao needed time for one month
because he wanted to prepare himself for you.
The other week, his zit popped up and he needed to postpone the date. He was scared of not looking good enough.
Was I right, yes I was. The other week, he needed to postpone the date
because his hair was getting long and it didn't look good. Was I right? Yep.
The other week he was working late so he needed to push it further.
Because he was afraid that he would got darker under eyes.
Was I right? Yep. That's why it needed to push for a month, right?
I should let you two talk.
I'm gonna prepare dinner.
Why didn't Rak come here already? Is he gonna ditch me?
Are you excited? You don't have to. It's just a dinner.
If I close my eyes and touch these hands, I'd believe they were women's hands. So soft.
What are you doing? I told you not to bail on me. Let's have dinner at my house.
And I told you already that I have leftovers.
And I told you to save it for later. Let's have dinner with Dao first.
You're so eager to invite me over. There must be something going on.
Or you wouldn't be able to eat, if you hadn't seen my face.
Stop joking and come with me.
Wait.
What?
You said I'm disgusting but you never let go of my hand.
Quit joking around already.
Let me put the cup down first.
You can hold my hand now. Let's go.
Come here. Quick. Before foods get cold.
Where's Diao?
He's going outside.
Excuse me.
Did he try to ditch Gam?
Rak?
I thought you're gonna bail on Gam.
Nope. I'm not.
Can you make a plate for Rak?
What?
His food's gone bad.
Welcome, Rak. This way.
Welcome.
Welcome, Gam.
Gam, this is Rak. He's our tenant.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
Excuse me.
Dao didn't actually invite me over for dinner, right?
But you use me as a buffer for this girl, right?
Nope. She did invite you over.
If she really did invite me here, she would have set a plate for me already.
These are two plates she prepared.
It hasn't done yet. She only has two hands.
Do you want her to carry the third plate with her mouth ?
Come and sit.
Diao, come here and give me a hand, please.
I know that Rak's dinner hasn't gone bad. But you invited him here
to be a buffer for Gam, didn't you?
His dinner's really gone bad. You can ask him if you want.
Sure.
No, please don't ask him. He could be embarrassed to admit.
You know that having same meal over and over is his sensitive spot
When his leftovers's gone bad, all he can think about is his mom's face.
All done? I'll carry it out.
Can I have a glass of water please?
Don't you think I know your trick? I'm your big sister.
Make yourself at home, Rak.
Make yourself at home, Gam.
Try Dao's signature mashed potato. It's good.
Dao even made her own dressing.
I know you want to try these. Let me get them for you.
I'm telling you…
Dressing.
He's taking care of a wrong person?
I told him to have dinner with Gam. Why did he take care of only Rak?
Mashed potato's not here. Let me take care of that.
Its texture's sorta like ice cream.
Try it.
You need to take Gam home.
What for?
Well, you refused to have one-on-one dinner with her.
I wanted to have alone time with Gam. But Rak's dinner's gone bad.
You didn't want me to help him at all?
You can say what you want
but you need to take Gam back home or I'll tell mom.
You're gonna tell mom again?
You made an excuse of my food's gone bad?
Huh?
Why? You didn't find Gam attractive so you wouldn't want to be alone with her?
Or you have no idea how to flirt with girls? You want me to teach you?
This way.
Diao will give you a ride home.
Thank you for dinner.
Sure.
The foods are delicious.
I'm gonna go to Uncle Jod's café. Do you want anything?
Can I have your heart? To go please?
Excuse me.
He left me here, all alone, with audience.
You don't have to give me a ride home. I forgot that I made an appointment with my friends here.
Which house?
I don't remember. I need to call them first.
Thank you for dinner. It's nice to meet you.
This is all your fault.
I need to find other ways to encourage Gam to have a crush on Diao.
Think. Use your brain. Think.
I know that you tried every possible way but it didn't succeed yet.
It's okay. You just have to come up with something else. Think.
What's going on? Why did you scream so loud? Is our café on fire?
Nope. LAZ iCON's here.
LAZ iCON?
Move out of my way. Come on.
I'm so happy. They're all here.
Da Ou
Hello
Off-Road
Pentor
Hello/Hello
Diamond
Hello
Geler
Did you know that I watch you all the time?
Thank you
Did you just think of yourself as their brother?
We're the same age.
Can I have a picture with you all?
Sure. Please.
Get in the middle.
Can you take a picture for me?
Sure.
What pose? This one?
1…2…3
1…2..3 let's pose for the pic
Jod, can I take a photo with them too? This way, Uncle Jod.
I shouldn't have acted too informal with them.
1…2…3
1…2…3 Okay.
Thank you / Thank you so much.
I'm so thrilled. Why're they here? I'm not dreaming, am I?
You're not dreaming. We need to be excused.
We have another photo shoot session.
You do? Thank you for stopping by.
00:20:53,200 --> 00:20:53,000
Don't forget your drink.
Drinks.
Almost forgot my drinks.
Drinks here are delicious.
Pae / Yeah?
On the house.
It's okay. We already paid for the drinks.
You did?
Yeah.
That's fine. I can just show off then.
We gotta go now.
Okay / Okay/ See you later.
Love you / Keep on fighting, see you later.
See you later.
Please visit us soon.
Where's the pic?
Uncle Jod?
Little Rak, I have something to show you. LAZ iCON just dropped by at my café.
I took a picture with him too, look.
I worked with them too.
You wanted to show off but he could show off too. How do you feel?
Don't mock me.
Pleng.
Yeah?
Da Ou smells so good.
His scent was still on my shirt. Have a sniff.
Whom can I order a tank of water to?
Pleng.
Lisa.
Pae.
Rit.
I'm gonna get it for you.
Wait, I don't even work here.
Pae and Lisa, stop looking at pictures for a minute and you two need to bring water to Rak.
Fine. Don't forget to send me the pic later.
Have a seat.
Sure.
That's quite clear.
Pleang.
What is it?
Looking good.
Our café will blow up for sure.
Can I sit here?
Sure.
What do want to drink? It's on me.
That's okay.
Please order something. We maybe sit here for a long time.
We didn't talk much over dinner.
I want to get to know you better.
I'm gonna buy iced tea. Do you want anything?
I don't think you'd need anything because you're gonna have me tonight.
Go!
Gam? What's she doing here?
Did Dao ask her to be here to see me?
If she's here to see me, Diao could get me wrong.
Rak?
What're you doing here?
I can't let him know that I run away from Gam.
If he knows that Gam has a crush on me, it'd be a big trouble.
I asked what you are doing here.
Why did you close the door? Get out of here.
You think you can hide me in the lavatory?
That's alright. I can wait.
I shouldn't make fun of Kanom. Now it's on me.
Did she poison me?
Why did you do this?
You're too loud.
Why? You're afraid that someone would hear you?
I heard Diao and Rak's voice.
Why didn't you pick up the phone? I have something to talk to you.
Why didn't you pick up the phone? Whom should I talk to ?
Whom should I talk to ?
Maybe with dogs in front of the office? They always pay attention to you.
That's right. Nope, it's not. What're you doing here?
I told you to tell Kanom to see me.
Where is she? She's not here?
It's good that you're here. Diao just stole our Darling.
Huh?
Keep it down.
What happened?
There's no pants on the floor. They didn't do something nasty yet.
That's not always the case. I'm sometimes half-naked.
Are you that horny or in a hurry?
Both.
I think Gam should be gone by now.
Was she still waiting for me in front of the lavatory?
Who are you hiding from?
No one.
Then you should leave.
You two don't have to worry about anything.
I can keep a secret.
But you brought Manow to see us?
She's just here to pee.
That's right.
This is men's room.
I just got transitioned.
You can watch me pee.
Like this.
I don't think they believe you.
This bitch invited me to join the gossip loop.
Who are you hiding from?
No one.
So you two didn't do it here.
Judging from the look on his face. He was cursing you inside.
Waste of time.
Rak?
Missed it.
Are you here to see Diao?
Nope. I'm here to see you.
What's up?
I just want to see you.
So Gam has a crush on Rak?
Don't tell me that you don't know what I mean.
Isn't that the girl Dao trying to set you up with?
Why did she have a crush on Rak?
That's not a surprise. Everybody likes him.
Even I have a crush on him.
If you're here to see me, why didn't you call Dao?
So I could wait for you.
I'm not here to see you.
I'm here to see him.
You don't have to use him as an excuse, I know that you want to see me.
Let me buy you a cup of coffee.
But I…
That's alright. I get it. You want to see me.
Poor you.
How're you feeling? Having coffee and brownie all by yourself.
You look lonely. I can sit with you.
I'm sorry that I spend working hour to have coffee with Gam.
What could I do? She's here to see me.
It would be rude not to take care of her.
Do you really find her attractive or you just want to win?
Of course I do like her.
If not, then why would I buy her coffee?
You should stop your idea that Gam has a crush on you.
You shouldn't have a girlfriend right now.
Why is that?
You can't take care of anyone right now.
You couldn't even take a good care of yourself.
You forgot to close garbage bin's lid. I need to remind you all the time.
You can't even close the gate completely. I need to issue new house rule for it.
That's why you shouldn't have a girlfriend right now. Got it?
Why're you smiling?
If you were a girl, I'd believe that you were jealous of me.
Stop with your narcissistic idea.
Rak, hello.
Hello.
Who are you? I don't know you.
He's messing with you again.
Stop messing with me or I'm gonna be real mad at you.
I haven't seen you all for a long time. How're you doing?
I'm doing great. I have a shoot around here.
So I was here to buy drinks.
This is Diao, he's my friend.
Hello / Hello.
I thought you two were dating. It seemed like you were flirting earlier.
I can't date someone with smart mouth like him.
But I think you're so cool.
I haven't seen anyone dare to talk back to him.
You two must be really close.
Not that I want to. But we live together.
Live together?
Live together.
It seems like he's a little bit mad at you.
Excuse us. We need to get coffee.
I'll follow you. So thirsty.
See you later. / Like there's no sweetness in my life.
Hello.
Welcome. This way.
Welcome.
I told you to keep your feeling inside, don't show it.
You see? My friends think that you're mad at me.
Please don't be mad at me, honey.
You need my heart?
Am I your friend?
Diao's here. How could I get to talk to Rak?
Are you here to invite me to dinner?
I told you at the café that I don't have a crush on you.
I have a crush on Rak.
Please apologize to Dao for me.
Do you want to have dinner with me?
I'm sorry but I'm not free today.
Let's go.
You can let go of my hand now.
I've hold my hand since we're Uncle Jod's café. Now you told me to let go of your hand?
Do you like me to hold your hand?
Please respect the place. This is home.
Oops. I forgot that you have a power here.
Let just say that I want to hold your hand. But you don't want to hold mine.
You!
I know that you pretended to hit on Gam just to get back at me.
It's not a right thing to do.
Good thing that she doesn't have a crush on you.
If she really did have a crush on you, and you played her like this.
She would be heartbroken.
We're human, not a robot. Our feeling is valid.
When it's broken, it's hard to mend.
Think about it before playing with someone else's feeling.
Why did you say something like this? Has anyone seen you as a robot?
Let's just say that if you don't like her that much, you shouldn't be playing with her feeling.
Why? You're jealous?
You can make joke about this but I can't?
This is home. I'm a big dog here. I can do whatever I want.
Fine. Mr. House Owner.
Good. Mr. Tenant.
You look cute when you're nice to me.
You should be nice to me more often.
Nope, or you'd fall in love with me.
You're speechless? You can't think of anything to say?
I told you that I can say or do whatever I want here.
Why are you blushing?
Your ears are turning red too? Are you feeling okay?
Do you have a feeling for me? Come on now.
This is for food.
Thanks. I'm not counting.
Good for me. So you wouldn't know what I just did.
Fine. I'm counting.
I was just kidding.
You keep on joking about this.
Your fiction is that spicy?
I saw you keep twitching.
You should take a look. And you'll know why.
Love Note Chapter 5 : Clarity
After Ryo and Ryu spend time together under the same roof.
Their good feeling starts to increase.
Ryo's action tells Ryu all of his feeling.
Ryu is sure about Ryo's love for him.
Is she your friend?
Nope. She's just asking for my contact.
Don't you want to know if I gave her mine?
Nope.
I just want to tell you that
I didn't give her my contact. But I tell her that
I already date someone.
Who's that?
It's the person that I'm currently talking to.
Should we switch place?
Why's that?
What's going on?
I'm gonna nominate you for URWISH BOY contest.
Can you nominate one more person?
Someone nominated you for URWISH BOY contest.
You have been the winner for two consecutive years because I wasn't here.
But I'm gonna win URWISH BOY this year.
Do you want to book a doctor? In case you need someone to mend your face.
I was just bluffing earlier. But if he really challenges me like this,
I need to win this year.
You know how I feel about you.
I know
that you have a crush on me.